---
layout: index
description: "CHI 2025 Workshop | Yokohama, Japan"
---


Money is inherently social. Collaborative financial activities and decision-making are highly common in our day-to-day activities. However, existing financial technologies have mostly considered finance as an individual activity. Recent HCI work has repeatedly noted the need for creating new interaction strategies and design paradigms to reshape the current landscape of digital money and fintech. However, there has not been much concrete work yet, specifically when it comes to supporting diverse financial goals and leveraging social connections for financial wellbeing. In this workshop, we aim to bring together an interdisciplinary group of researchers interested in the future of fintech that can better support user wellbeing. Specifically, we will discuss key issues such as privacy, agency, trust, and accessibility for the development of new financial technologies. The workshop will focus on sharing common knowledge, identifying new opportunities for fintech, and supporting a community of HCI researchers focused on financial wellbeing.

# Call for Participation

How can we design financial technologies to better support diverse needs for financial wellbeing? Increased access to objective financial data provides new opportunities to develop systems to empower users to learn about their financial behaviors, support a range of financial goals, and enable collaborative decision-making. This also raises important ethical concerns for the design and development of future fintech, such as creating privacy-preserving systems that are also mindful of user agency and potential risks of misuse.

Authors across all disciplines are encouraged to submit position papers to the CHI 2025 workshop on Money and HCI – Designing for Financial Wellbeing. The goal of this workshop is to prompt the discussion on the needs and challenges of designing fintech for a diverse range of financial goals. We expect that this workshop will draw participation from both academia and industry. Submitted papers can address the design of fintech, unique use cases for financial support, and the ethical considerations for future developments within the financial domain.

Submissions should be between 2 to 4 pages using the [CHI submission format](https://chi2025.acm.org/chi-publication-formats/), including references. These position papers must include the authors’ work within the financial domain and their relationship to the topics and goals of the workshop. Those who do not wish to submit a position paper can submit a one-page statement of interest for the workshop. This should include why the author is interested in participating in the workshop, their relationship to the workshop topic, and what the author expects to contribute. We will select submissions based on quality and suitability for the workshop topic. If accepted, papers will be featured on the workshop website. At least one author must attend the workshop, in-person or remotely. 
